README.md, before:

# Frisco

App promotion themed template for Jekyll. Browse through a [live demo](https://brave-submarine.cloudvent.net/).
Increase the web presence of a App with this configurable theme.

![Frisco template screenshot](images/_screenshot.jpg)

Frisco was made by [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/), the Cloud CMS for Jekyll.
Find more templates and themes at [Jekyll Tips](http://jekyll.tips/templates/).

Learn Jekyll with step-by-step tutorials and videos at [Jekyll Tips](http://jekyll.tips/).

## Features

* Contact form
* Pre-built pages
* Pre-styled components
* Blog with pagination
* Post category pages
* Disqus comments for posts
* Staff and author system
* Configurable footer
* Optimised for editing in [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/)
* RSS/Atom feed
* SEO tags
* Google Analytics

## Setup

1. Add your site and author details in `_config.yml`.
2. Add your Google Analytics and Disqus keys to `_config.yml`.
3. Get a workflow going to see your site's output (with [CloudCannon](https://app.cloudcannon.com/) or Jekyll locally).

## Develop

Frisco was built with [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) version 3.3.1, but should support newer versions as well.

Install the dependencies with [Bundler](http://bundler.io/):

~~~bash
$ bundle install
~~~

Run `jekyll` commands through Bundler to ensure you're using the right versions:

~~~bash
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
~~~

## Editing

Frisco is already optimised for adding, updating and removing pages, staff, advice, company details and footer elements in CloudCannon.

### Posts

* Add, update or remove a post in the *Posts* collection.
* The **Staff Author** field links to members in the **Staff Members** collection.
* Documentation pages are organised in the navigation by category, with URLs based on the path inside the `_docs` folder.
* Change the defaults when new posts are created in `_posts/_defaults.md`.

### Contact Form

* Preconfigured to work with CloudCannon, but easily changed to another provider (e.g. [FormSpree](https://formspree.io/)).

### Staff

* Reused around the site to save multiple editing locations.

### Footer

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Navigation* section.

### Footer

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Footer* section.

Commit message:

Update README.md with ruby installation and bundler

README.md, after:

# Frisco

App promotion themed template for Jekyll. Browse through a [live demo](https://brave-submarine.cloudvent.net/).
Increase the web presence of a App with this configurable theme.

![Frisco template screenshot](images/_screenshot.jpg)

Frisco was made by [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/), the Cloud CMS for Jekyll.
Find more templates and themes at [Jekyll Tips](http://jekyll.tips/templates/).

Learn Jekyll with step-by-step tutorials and videos at [Jekyll Tips](http://jekyll.tips/).

## Features

* Contact form
* Pre-built pages
* Pre-styled components
* Blog with pagination
* Post category pages
* Disqus comments for posts
* Staff and author system
* Configurable footer
* Optimised for editing in [CloudCannon](http://cloudcannon.com/)
* RSS/Atom feed
* SEO tags
* Google Analytics

## Setup

1. Add your site and author details in `_config.yml`.
2. Add your Google Analytics and Disqus keys to `_config.yml`.
3. Get a workflow going to see your site's output (with [CloudCannon](https://app.cloudcannon.com/) or Jekyll locally).

## Develop

Frisco was built with [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) version 3.3.1, but should support newer versions as well.

You will need to have `ruby` installed
```bash
$ sudo apt install ruby-full # this will install version 2.7 and package ruby
$ dpkg -l ruby
ii  ruby           1:2.7+1      amd64        Interpreter of object-oriented scripting language Ruby>
lines 1-6/6 (END)
```
You will need to install bundler too via `apt` or `snap` or `gem`
```bash
$ sudo apt install ruby-bundler
# $ sudo gem install bundler
```
Additionally you will need to update bundler if installed via `apt`
```bash
$ sudo bundle update --bundler
```

Install the dependencies with [Bundler](http://bundler.io/):

~~~bash
$ bundle install
~~~

Run `jekyll` commands through Bundler to ensure you're using the right versions:

~~~bash
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
~~~

## Editing

Frisco is already optimised for adding, updating and removing pages, staff, advice, company details and footer elements in CloudCannon.

### Posts

* Add, update or remove a post in the *Posts* collection.
* The **Staff Author** field links to members in the **Staff Members** collection.
* Documentation pages are organised in the navigation by category, with URLs based on the path inside the `_docs` folder.
* Change the defaults when new posts are created in `_posts/_defaults.md`.

### Contact Form

* Preconfigured to work with CloudCannon, but easily changed to another provider (e.g. [FormSpree](https://formspree.io/)).

### Staff

* Reused around the site to save multiple editing locations.

### Footer

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Navigation* section.

### Footer

* Exposed as a data file to give clients better access.
* Set in the *Data* / *Footer* section.
